fix(Omnichannel): Open expanded view (galery mode) for image attachments from livechat (#31990)
RocketChat/Rocket.Chat: .changeset/green-ways-tie.md

---
"@rocket.chat/meteor": patch
---

> Fix Open expanded view (galery mode) for image attachments sent by livechat

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed open expanded view (galery mode) for image attachments sent by livechat widget
```
